snelling a hook is an important angling
skill begin by running your line down
the length of the hook shank then
forming a loop on top of it while
holding the line intersection firmly in
place on the hook pull some of the
running line to increase the size of
your loop now just watch and then do is
this next part is nearly impossible to
explain
after five or six turns pinched hard on
the wraps and pull the running line to
close the loop you initially created
then pull the tag end to close the small
front loop
straighten the wraps if needed then move
the whole mess up toward the eye of the
hook and pull the snail tight and this
is what a five turned snow should look
like you can also run the line through
the eye of the hook before starting the
knot snip the tag end of the line
leaving just a bit to allow for any
slippage here's the tricky part again
but this time in slow motion to help you
get the hand movements just right
it's not can be frustrating at first but
you'll get it with practice
this is what the process looks like on a
size two bait holder hook with 20 pound
test mono
by keeping the snow a little loose you
can maneuver it over the bait holding
Barb's
in many situations the snow is really
the ultimate line
to hook connection